there's only two families now doing this
in the Bridgewater very in there quite a
few years ago now there was all a dozen
families around the Bridgewater s tree
and Weston and watch it that was partly
getting livid out of it
troops is the main thing what we were
after we wouldn't want to do anything
else like me and Adrian and that once
you've been doing a number of years it
gets in your bones like most fishing net
I mean we do get some good days when
there's a nice bit of fish but by and
large it's far less than what it was
when I was a lad we we used to send the
shrimps and fish all over the country
but now we just hopefully catch enough
just to keep us going solid here and
just some local customers they've made
this having centuries ago and it's the
only thing we find what works across the
mud there's another generation coming
along now is in there you know I mean
soon as this this general or my
generation fades out that this would be
the end of her you want to come out here
and get muddied up freezing cold for a
few Bob I haven't even got 10 quiz worth
hidden here yet never say years ago this
used to be our livelihood this was our
livelihood and this is what we're after
really it's the brine shrimp that's what
we want
I feel like I'm the yeah I do actually
yeah I feel like I am the last